This senior project was an extreme learning experience. I went into with real low expectations "Oh, another ICAM class that is project based".
But as I continued I realized it was so much more.  This project is a way for us to truly understand the essence of what ICAM
is, and what the founders intentions were for the program. With that said, this project is still in the demo stages and I was 
not able to complete it to the degree that I wanted to, but it is still functioning in a way that is similar to what I originally
envisioned. 

Thinks to work on:
1) Make it so the Button GUI can actually interact with the placement of sounds 
  -This was by far the toughest part of the project
  -If I could I would go back and make project a lot more simplistic, yet alot more artsy
2) The recording audio is playing the samples back faster than they're suppose to be recorder
  -Personally I like this and think it makes it sounds unique, but I know for commercial
  use this is not practical at all, and unacceptable
3) Implement filters
  -This is something that I should have set as a stretch goal, as it wasn't lucrative 
  to the overall design of the project.
4) Make it so the "Stop Recording" buttons update and toggle back when 220,500 samples is reached (5 seconds worth of samples)
  
Thinks that went right:
1) Was able to record audio to strictly a buffer, despite the fact that it seemed everyone online has struggled to to accomplish
recording and play back
  -This definitely would not have been possible without Elliot's help.
2) Was able to implement a less cluttered GUI.
3) Was able to implement a master play despite the fact it didn't function as I originally hoped it would

Future Work:
1) DEFINITELY enhance the GUI
2) Fix the playback of the audio
3) Find a way to do specific sound placement 
4) Add filters and audio adjustment (this could have been easily done, but time constraints)

Process:
The process for this project involved a lot of research, as I myself had experience with JUCE in Tom Erb's class, 
but didn't feel I gained much insight while taking it. Needles to say, this was a huge learning curve for me. I asked
for advice on forums, but it seemed everyone's solution was not what I was looking for; perhaps I wasn't properly articulating
my idea. I tried to meet with Elliot once a week, and dedicated at least twelve hours a week to this project. That number
probably seems like an exaggeration, because of the end product.

Instructions:

Simple record four samples and hit the master play head at the bottom and it will play them all at once.

